I said the kind of emergency method he just proposed was me.
Tell me Wang still works at the company, you fart.
General Director Khuong, Hengtai Group is our captain.
We can't believe a word they say.
Believe it or not, it's up to you.
Kindness is like a donkey's liver.
Honey, let's go.
Dear, is there anything wrong with him?
At that time I remember when I recruited Xu Thien saying I had no conditions.
I'm not a friend married in Giang Bay.
Cross the river, dismantle the bridge, use you to save your friend.
General Director Ha, I suggest you polish your eyes well.
After all, men have no one to trust.
Tell me, men can't be trusted.
It's about dividing people.
This is next to me.
I'm very confident.
It s always time to talk about investing, I know.
You don't have to remind me.
So does the sum mean that I don't despise the Constant?
Mainly, Giang Vinh Group is stronger.
Lower risk.
So you're still looking for someone else.
Director General, think again.
Or you can take a look at my blueprints.
Surely you will change.
What's always really hard work
Isn't this General Director Jiang?
Mr. Ha and I just talked about the cooperation of the relevant groups.
I'm not going to put it down.
General Director Ha, if you are here to invest
Then I suggest you return quickly.
I promise.
As long as we cool down and skyrocket here
There'll never be a little harvest.